docs(cloud): port Studios SSH user content from enterprise (#1608)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/studios/managing.md

There might be errors reported by the session itself but these will be overwritten with a **running** status if the session is still running.
:::

## Connect to a Studio via SSH (public preview)

:::info[**Prerequisites**]
- SSH access enabled for your workspace
- Your SSH public key added to your Seqera Platform user profile
- **SSH Connection** toggle enabled when adding the Studio

> - The Studio is in a **running** state.

Reviewer: I would also mention that minimum Connect Client version on Studios where SSH is supported is 0.10.0

Also, I noticed in the Enterprise docs the minimum prerequisite version for both Connect client and Connect server/proxy has been bumped to 0.12.0 - this looks like it might have been accidental from a larger bump of versions? If so, we should revert that to the 0.10.0 version too
https://github.com/seqeralabs/docs/pull/1499/changes#diff-6418d045c44ba536bf47b38ec5287efccf0c241e3838473ba5fb48eae0012f15

Author: This was done as a result of https://seqera.slack.com/archives/C06B6RRGVCZ/p1780071907673999. Thanks for flagging!

> - The Studio is in a **running** state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Studio is in a **running** state.
- **Connect client**: Version 0.10.0 or later
```

:::

Direct SSH connections to running Studio containers support standard SSH clients, terminal access, and [VS Code Remote SSH](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/ssh). JupyterLab, R-IDE, VS Code, and Xpra container templates are supported.

:::note

> If you didn't enable SSH when you initially added your Studio, stop the Studio, select **Start as New**, and enable **SSH Connection**.

Reviewer: This doesn't need the "Start as New" functionality, which creates a new studio - it just needs the existing studio to be started with the toggle.
```suggestion
If you didn't enable SSH when you initially added your Studio, stop and enable **SSH Connection** before restarting the Studio.
```

> Enabling SSH can only be done on Studio creation. If you didn't enable SSH when you initially added your Studio, you will need to duplicate and modify it. Stop the Studio, select **Start as New**, and enable **SSH Connection** for the new Studio.

Reviewer: This isn't true and can be removed - you can enable/disable SSH connectivity at studio _start_ time. 
So you don't need to recreate the studio - just to stop it and enable SSH at the next start (this is provided the studio covers the other listed prerequisites, of course)

> Enabling SSH can only be done on Studio creation. If you didn't enable SSH when you initially added your Studio, you will need to duplicate and modify it. Stop the Studio, select **Start as New**, and enable **SSH Connection** for the new Studio.

Author: ```suggestion
If you didn't enable SSH when you initially added your Studio, stop the Studio, select **Start as New**, and enable **SSH Connection**.
```
